> Source (Doc id: 8aae1ed2-1f96-4470-b954-8bc251d8aab5): The University of Virginia has long provided a stage for the arts, and 2017 brought a full list of blockbusters., There was October’s epic Bicentennial Launch Celebration – one of the biggest arts showcases in all of UVA’s 200 years – plus a star-studded Concert for Charlottesville, a special guest appearance by “Breaking Bad” star Bryan Cranston, the reliably high-wattage Virginia Film Festival, and much more besides., Take a look back at some of the amazing work our students, faculty, alumni and guests produced last year., Bicentennial Launch Celebration Kicked Off UVA’s Third Century, UVA began its celebration of its 200, th,  anniversary Oct. 6 with a spectacular show on the Lawn, featuring a virtual transformation of the iconic Rotunda and guest performances by stars like Leslie Odom Jr. and Andra Day., “Hamilton” star Leslie Odom Jr. brought the crowd to its feet with songs from the hit musical. (Photo by Sanjay Suchak, University Communications), Approximately 20,000 ’Hoos gathered to mark the occasion and welcome UVA’s third century, closing, of course, with a resounding rendition of the Good Ol’ Song.  , Read:, UVA Ushers in its Third Century with Historic Celebration, The Concert for Charlottesville Brought Hope, Unity, Just a few weeks before the Bicentennial Launch Celebration, UVA and the Charlottesville community welcomed a megawatt lineup of musical stars for “A Concert for Charlottesville.” The hometown favorite Dave Matthews Band hosted the free concert on Sept. 24 to uplift the Charlottesville community after the tragic events of August’s violent Unite the Right rally, which left three dead., The concert included Pharrell Williams, Chris Stapleton, Justin Timberlake, Ariana Grande, Brittany Howard, The Roots, Cage the Elephant and surprise guests Coldplay and Stevie Wonder. It benefitted a Charlottesville Area Community Foundation fund for victims of the violent white supremacist demonstrations, first responders, and organizations dedicated to promoting equality and tolerance., Read: , Hit Songs and Surprise Guests Thrill Crowd in Powerful Concert for Charlottesville. , Bryan Cranston Brought Down the House, UVA didn’t welcome only musical superstars in 2017; acclaimed actor Bryan Cranston also made an appearance on Grounds in March as the President’s Speaker for the Arts., “I know that I have this window of time [in the spotlight], and I know that this will end at some point,” Cranston said. “And then, I would love to be able to look at the next generation and wish them well.” (Photo by Sanjay Suchak, University Communications), Cranston, best known for his starring role in the hit television series “Breaking Bad,” joined UVA alumnus and “Breaking Bad” producer Mark Johnson (more on him later) in front of a packed house at the John Paul Jones Arena., Read, : , Breaking Bad Star Brings Down the House at UVA, ‘Les Misérables’ Creators & Distinguished Writers Came to Grounds, UVA also hosted some very talented artists-in-residence this year, among them Alain Boublil and Claude-Michel Schönberg, creators of the classic musical “Les Misérables,” and two writers, Pulitzer Prize-winning novelist Junot Díaz and National Book Award-winner Mark Doty., Boublil and Schonberg, , the partners behind “Les Mis” and “Miss Saigon,” gave public talks, attended classes and worked directly with UVA students for a Feb. 23 performance of songs from their repertoire., As Kapnick Distinguished Writers-in-Residence with UVA’s Creative Writing program, , Díaz, , early in 2017, and ,...

> Source (Doc id: 9dc0607e-28c7-4402-b48c-7e37c4c335b5): Today, the station and its all-student affiliate, WXTJ, include some 300 volunteer student and community DJs playing more than 1,100 unique songs per week and reaching more than 13,000 listeners., Read: , The Fascinating Six-Decade History of WTJU, UVA’s FM Radio Station, A.D. Carson Brought His Own Brand of Hip-Hop to Grounds, A.D. Carson joined UVA’s McIntire Department of Music this year as its first professor of hip-hop, after his dissertation – a meticulously crafted 34-song hip-hop album – made waves at Clemson University and in the national media., A.D. Carson joined the McIntire Department of Music in the fall. (Photo by Dan Addison, University Communications), Since coming on Grounds, Carson – one of a wave of new faculty joining UVA – has taught writing and composition classes and “The Black Voice,” a course exploring the history and repression of black voices in America, all while producing a second album, “Sleepwalking, Vol. 1: A Mixtape.”, Read: , Meet A.D. Carson, UVA’s Professor of Hip-Hop , Matthew McLendon Took the Helm at The Fralin, Matthew McLendon is nearing the end of his first year as director and chief curator of The Fralin Museum of Art at UVA, where he started Jan. 9., Matthew McLendon said he loves the interdisciplinary nature of university art museums, which can serve as living classrooms for many subjects. (Photo by Dan Addison, University Communications), McLendon came to UVA from The John and Mable Ringling Museum of Art in Sarasota, Florida after a rich and varied career that has taken him all over the world, including stints in Italy and London. , Read: , Q&A: 6 Questions for The Fralin Museum of Art’s New Director, Kluge-Ruhe Announced Its Largest-Ever Tour , UVA’s Kluge-Ruhe Aboriginal Art Collection is the only museum in the U.S. dedicated to the exhibition and study of Aboriginal art. This year, the museum announced its largest-ever touring exhibition, called “Madayin.”, Wukun Wanambi, left, and Yinimala Gumana visited the Kluge-Ruhe in May to officially kick off planning for the “Madayin” exhibition. (Photos by Dan Addison, University Communications), The exhibition, slated to begin in 2020, will include many works currently housed at the Kluge-Ruhe as well as 30 new works commissioned from Yolgnu artists in Northern Australia. Two artists, Wukun Wanambi and Yinimala Gumana, visited Charlottesville in May to mark this year’s announcement and begin planning the exhibition., Read: , Bringing Aboriginal Art to America, Alum Kicked Off Post-Grad Album With a Bonus Performance , 2017 graduate Nathan Colberg launched a Kickstarter campaign in April to fund his dream of making a full-length album. The young alumnus, a former singer with the Hullabahoos a cappella group, raised all he needed in just seven days., Colberg performed some of the songs from his first EP – including a special track dedicated to Charlottesville – in a UVA Facebook Live session from 1515, the student center on the Corner., Read: , A Month After Graduation, Alum is Cutting an Album – and He Sounds Amazing, A Clown Came to Grounds, 2017 graduate Michael Giovinco – the son of two professional clowns – put on his own circus on Grounds this year. Giovinco, a Miller Arts Scholar majoring in drama and cognitive science, spent much of his fourth year developing the devised circus show, “Grounded,” that he performed with classmates in February., Michael Giovinco grew up going to clown conventions; both of his parents performed professionally. (Photos by...